Web based Github Version Control 

What is a “Pull Request”? 
● You are asking everyone to pull your changes on your branch into their master branches. 

Reposity 
  ● Making Changes, the Pull Request 
    ○ To add a file 
      i. Use the “Create new file” or “Upload files” buttons on the repository home screen. Doing this will take you to the         “propose file change” page. You can add some description here if you would like. ii. Clicking “propose file” will            take you to the “Create pull request” page. This is where you 
can see the differences between your current branch and the master branch everyone else is seeing. 
iii. Clicking “Create pull request” will open a box for you to change the title, and leave a 
comment before sending off the official pull request. iv. Once you have created a pull request, you have sent this request to the owner / project 
manager who will approve or disapprove of your changes. If the owner approves, your changes get put into the master branch for everyone to see. If the owner disapproves, your pull request is simply denied. 
○ To remove a file 
i. Enter into the file you want to remove by clicking on its filename. ii. Once on the file page, there is a trash can image on the top right of the file editor section. Clicking this image will take you to the “Propose file change” page. iii. The process from here is identical to the process to add a file. Begin from step (ii) in the 
“To add a file” bullet. 
Project 
● Accessing Project Board 
○ To access the Project Board on Github you must access it from my account (kubakrzep9). 
○ From my homepage go to the projects tab and select our project (Robotic Arm Interface). 
● Accessing Linked Repository 
○ From Project Board 
■ Hover over our project name 
■ A drop down should appear with the title, description and link to the linked repository. 
○ From my account all projects page. 
■ Each project is section in the page and has the project title, description and link to the linked repository. 
● Project Board 
○ Simple way to stay organized. 
■ There are To do, In progress and Done lists. 
■ Each member will be able to contribute once they are added as a contributor. 
